Translation corrections (#245)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/yoig_006b.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5f5248>荒川</color>", NULL, "<color=#5f5248>Arakawa</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s10/00/410101053", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「これらを全部総合すると、俺たちが辿ろうとしている運命は１つ…！",

> 			NULL, "\"Putting all that together, I can think of only one fate this is all trying to lead us to...!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Putting all that together, I can think of only one fate this is leading us to...!", Line_WaitForInput);
```
